Adapter precice 3.1 with 3D support and "point load" (#26)
precice/fenicsx-adapter: README.md

Make sure to install the following dependencies:

> * [preCICE v3](https://github.com/precice/precice/wiki)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [preCICE](https://precice.org/)
```

* python3 (this adapter **only supports python3**)
* [the python language bindings for preCICE](https://github.com/precice/python-bindings)
* :construction: [FEniCSx](https://fenicsproject.org/) (with python interface, installed by default) (under construction refer to notes on FEniCSx below) :construction:

> 

Reviewer: We no longer need scipy?

2021: For development of FEniCSx support, `precice/fenics-adapter@v1.2.0` was forked as `precice/fenicsx-adapter`. The required modifications were carried out by [Benjamin Rodenberg](https://www.cs.cit.tum.de/sccs/personen/benjamin-rodenberg/) and [Ishaan Desai](https://www.ipvs.uni-stuttgart.de/institute/team/Desai/).

2023:  [Philip Hildebrand](https://github.com/PhilipHildebrand) updated the adapter to a first minimal working version (https://github.com/precice/fenicsx-adapter/pull/15) and contributed a first tutorial (https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/317) in the scope of his Bachelor's thesis ["Extending the FEniCSx Adapter for the Coupling Library preCICE"](https://mediatum.ub.tum.de/node?id=1706280) under supervision of [Benjamin Rodenberg](https://www.cs.cit.tum.de/sccs/personen/benjamin-rodenberg/) and [Ishaan Desai](https://www.ipvs.uni-stuttgart.de/institute/team/Desai/).

> 2024:  [Eduardo Firvida](https://github.com/efirvida) updated the adapter to a minimal working version (https://github.com/precice/fenicsx-adapter/pull/26) with FSI and 3D support for preCICEv3. In the scope of his PhD Thesis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2024:  [Eduardo Firvida](https://github.com/efirvida) updated the adapter to support 3D FSI simulations and also made the adapter compatible with preCICE version 3 (https://github.com/precice/fenicsx-adapter/pull/26).
```
